Update README.md to include the new PyCharm support (#62)
snyk/snyk-intellij-plugin: README.md

[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/10972.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/10972)

<!-- Plugin description start -->
The Snyk Vulnerability Scanner plugin for IntelliJ and PyCharm helps you find and fix
security vulnerabilities in your projects, all from within your favorite IDE.

The plugin integrates seamlessly into your development environment and scans

> the open source dependencies included in your IntelliJand PyCharm projects for security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the open source dependencies included in your IntelliJ and PyCharm projects for security
```

We might want to skip the "IntelliJ and PyCharm" part, because those project are "Java projects"/"Python projects" and IntelliJ is just an interface.

```suggestion
the open source dependencies included in your projects for security
```
